Okay, so let's go ahead
and write some code for Custom Display Names.
First off, I simply want to run my unit test
just to see what the output here.
So this is before any changes,
it's simply using the method names here, and that's fine.
Now let's go ahead and move into our DemoUtilsTest.Java.
Just some housekeeping work.
Let me grab these methods here
and move this code to the bottom and comment it out.
This is for the AfterEach, BeforeAll, and AfterAll.
We really don't need it now,
so let's just go ahead and move it down.
So I just do a little cut on this,
move it down, I'll paste it,
and just comment out this code.
Now, let's go ahead and add a display name here
for this method testEqualsAndNotEquals.
You can give any name that you want here.
You can use spaces, special characters, whatever.
Here I'll just kind of keep it simple
and I'll call it Equals and Not Equals.
I'll do a similar thing here for the other method,
testing for Null and Not Null.
And then also some more housekeeping work.
I'll remove the diagnostic messages here.
We don't need those anymore, so you can
either remove them or comment them, totally up to you.
One last one here in the BeforeEach.
Okay, great, so all the housekeeping stuff's done.
Now we can go ahead and run our unit test
and then we'll see the output
and so notice here the actual display names.
Null and Not Null, Equals and not Equals.
We can give any name that we want here
for those display names.
Now, let's go ahead and play around
with some of the generators.
And so I'll comment out the display name
for each one of the methods
because the generators will do it for everything,
no need to manually reference it here.
And at the class level, I'll give DisplayNameGeneration
and then I'll specify the actual DisplayNameGenerator
that I want to use.
I'll start off with this one called
ReplaceUnderscores.class.
Now, if I run my test again, then I'll see nothing yet
because we need to rename our methods to use underscores.
There was nothing for it to really replace
'cause we weren't following a certain convention.
So here I have to go through
and manually change my method names to use underscores.
And me, I personally don't like using this
because I hate using underscores in my method names.
I only use camel case, but anyways.
So now we have underscores here for the method names
and now if I run it,
now we'll have success.
So test Equals And Not Equals, test Null And Not Null.
I'll go ahead and undo that previous work.
I'm basically just removing those underscores
from my method name.
And then I'll simply use the regular DisplayName
that I had before.
And here's a challenge for you.
On your own, I want you to experiment
with other Display Name Generators.
So make use of the Simple name generator
and also the IndicativeSentences generator
just to see the output in your computer.
And then one thing that you may notice
is that junit does not provide a built-in generator
for camel case, which is a bit interesting.
However, you can find a number of
online blog posts for this.
Simply do a search for junit display name camel case
and you'll find some blog solutions.
The really nice thing about this is that
it's a custom solution that makes use
of this display name API, where you can actually extend it
and provide your own custom naming solution
or generator solution.
And you'll see the actual code for it
in those online blog posts.
All right, well, good stuff for now
and I'll see ya in the next video.